How do you spend your days now? Like
what what do you allocate most of your
time to? My time is mostly split uh well
between SpaceX and and Tesla. And of of
course I I try to spend um uh part of
every week at OpenAI. Um so I spend most
I spend basically half a day at OpenAI
most weeks. Um, and then and then I have
some open AI stuff that happens during
the week, but other than that, it's
really What do you do when you're at
SpaceX or Tesla? Like what does your
time look like there? Uh, yeah. So, it's
a good question. Um, I think a lot of
people think I I must spend a lot of
time with media or or on businessy
things, but actually almost almost all
my time like 80% of it is spent on
engineering design engineering and
design. So it's um developing next
generation
product that's 80% of it. Um you
probably don't remember this a very long
time ago. Many many years you took me on
a tour of SpaceX and the most impressive
thing was that you knew every detail of
the rocket and every piece of
engineering that went into it. Uh and I
don't think many people get that about
you. Yeah. I think a lot of people think
I'm kind of a business person or
something which is fine. like business
is fine but um like I uh but really it's
you know it's like it's SpaceX uh Gwen
Shotwell is chief operating officer she
kind of manages um uh legal finance um
sales um and kind of general business
activity and then my time is almost
entirely with the uh engineering team
working on improving our the Falcon 9
and the Dragon spacecraft and developing
the Mars colonial architecture. Um and
then at Tesla it's working on the Model
3 and the you know some in the design
studio typically um have a day a week um
dealing with aesthetics and and uh look
and feel things and and then most the
rest of the week is just going through
engineering of of of the car itself as
well as engineering of the the factory.